>> Lukas: And then I think in the div
it's saying like here's this new thing.
So you can actually go and see
what is happening because now we're doing
it in one specific place and it's atomic.
And what is also cool is that
you can step backwards in time.
So another we're gonna say,
let's just pop this object, but
it's actually an object off the stack.
And so I could go all the way back and
play this forward.
>> Lukas: And if I for instance,
now let's say I deleted this one.
>> Lukas: And then let's say I went here,
and I updated this one.
>> Lukas: We'll save this, so
now that we're seeing these actions
are moving through the system.
We'll go here and we'll go so we'll back
this out, back this out, back this out.
And then you can play it forward and
backwards.
So by now having your state in a single
place, and everything that's modifying
that state defined in a single action,
an object, that you can then stack in.
So if this object is going to modify
the entire state into a new state.
Well, if you know those actions somebody
could write them on a piece of paper.
This is a hypothetical scenario.
But somebody could sit down and
write in the right notation paper,
I could scan it using OCR.
Turn into text.
Side load it into an application.
And it would play those actions back.
And so by separating this out from the dom
and the response into an action and
then the effect, this is when we're
able to start doing things like this.
>> Lukas: To me, this is, [LAUGH] This
really changed everything for me.
The ability to move forward,
and backwards, and
know everything about my application
state at any given time.